1.	 Consider an array MARKS[20][5] which stores the
marks obtained by 20 students in 5 subjects. Now
write a program to

(a)	 find the average marks obtained in each
subject.

(b)	 find the average marks obtained by every
student.

(c)	 find the number of students who have scored
below 50 in their average.

(d)	 display the scores obtained by every student.

	 2.	Write a program that reads an array of 100
integers. Display all the pairs of elements whose
sum is 50.

	 3.	 Write a program to interchange the second element
with the second last element.

	 4.	 Write a program that calculates the sum of squares
of the elements.

	 5.	 Write a program to compute the sum and mean of
the elements of a two-dimensional array.

	 6.	Write a program to read and display a square
(using functions).

	 7.	Write a program that computes the sum of the
elements that are stored on the main diagonal of
a matrix using pointers.

	 8.	Write a program to add two 3 X 3 matrix using
pointers.

	9.	 Write a program that computes the product of the
elements that are stored on the diagonal above the
main diagonal.

	10.	 Write a program to count the total number of non-
zero elements in a two-dimensional array.

    11.	 Write a program to input the elements of a two-
dimensional array. Then from this array, make two
arrays—one that stores all odd elements of the
two-dimensional array and the other that stores
all even elements of the array.

	 12.	 Write a program to read two floating point number
arrays. Merge the two arrays and display the
resultant array in reverse order.

	 13.	 Write a program using pointers to interchange the
second biggest and the second smallest number in
the array.

	 14.	 Write a menu driven program to read and display
a p  X  q  X  r matrix. Also, find the sum, transpose,
and product of the two p  X  q  X  r matrices.

	 15.	 Write a program that reads a matrix and displays
the sum of its diagonal elements.

	 16.	 Write a program that reads a matrix and displays
the sum of the elements above the main diagonal.
		(Hint: Calculate the sum of elements A ij where i<j )

	 17.	 Write a program that reads a matrix and displays
the sum of the elements below the main diagonal.
		(Hint: Calculate the sum of elements A ij where
i>j )

	 18.	 Write a program that reads a square matrix of size
n  X  n . Write a function int isUpperTriangular
(int a[][], int n) that returns 1 if the matrix
is upper triangular.
		(Hint: Array A is upper triangular if A ij = 0 and
i>j )

	 19.	 Write a program that reads a square matrix of size
n  X  n . Write a function int isLowerTriangular
(int a[][], int n) that returns 1 if the matrix
is lower triangular.
		(Hint: Array A is lower triangular if A ij = 0 and
i<j )

	 20.	Write a program that reads a square matrix of
size n  X  n . Write a function int isSymmetric
(int a[][], int n) that returns 1 if the matrix
is symmetric. (Hint: Array A is symmetric if A ij =
A ji for all values of i and j )

	 21.	 Write a program to calculate XA + YB where A and
B are matrices and X = 2 and Y = 3 .

	 22.	 Write a program to illustrate the use of a pointer
that points to a 2D array.
	 23.	 Write a program to enter a number and break it
into n number of digits.

	 24.	 Write a program to delete all the duplicate entries
from an array of n integers.

	 25.	 Write a program to read a floating point array.
Update the array to insert a new number at the
specified location.
